Add release notes for v0.2.0 (#36)
kubewarden/kubewarden-controller: RELEASE_NOTES/RELEASE_NOTES_v0.2.0.md

but the operation is pretty straightforward.

The `apiGroups`, `apiVersions`, `resources` and `operations` are no longer top-level attributes, but rather items under the
new `rules` attribute.

Consider the following `v1alpha1` resource definition:

```yaml
apiVersion: policies.kubewarden.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterAdmissionPolicy
metadata:
  name: psp-capabilities
spec:
  module: registry://ghcr.io/kubewarden/policies/psp-capabilities:v0.1.3
  resources:
  - pods
  operations:
  - CREATE
  - UPDATE
  mutating: true
  settings:
    allowed_capabilities:
    - CHOWN
    required_drop_capabilities:
    - NET_ADMIN
```

The `v1alpha2` equivalent would be:

```yaml
apiVersion: policies.kubewarden.io/v1alpha2
kind: ClusterAdmissionPolicy
metadata:
  name: psp-capabilities
spec:
  module: registry://ghcr.io/kubewarden/policies/psp-capabilities:v0.1.3
  rules:
    - apiGroups: [""]
      apiVersions: ["v1"]
      resources: ["pods"]
      operations:
      - CREATE
      - UPDATE
  mutating: true
  settings:
    allowed_capabilities:
    - CHOWN
    required_drop_capabilities:
    - NET_ADMIN
```

Some considerations worth of note:

>   * With `v1alpha1`, `apiGroups`, `apiVersions`, `resources` where **optional** string attributes. Now they are array of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * With `v1alpha1`, `apiGroups`, `apiVersions`, `resources` were **optional** string attributes. Now they are array of
```

    strings that must have at least one element.

>   * With `v1alpha1`, `apiGroups`, `apiVersions`, `resources` where **optional** string attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * With `v1alpha1`, `apiGroups`, `apiVersions`, `resources` were **optional** string attributes. 
```

    When left empty they would default to the `"*"` value.

This is reflected in the example above, as you can see the `v1alpha2` resource explicitly defines all these attributes.

### Upgrade steps

> This is a list of steps to perform to upgrade to the `v0.2.0` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of steps to perform the upgrade to the `v0.2.0` release.
```

We assume the deployment of Kubewarden has been done using our official helm charts inside of the `kubewarden`
Namespace.

#### Delete old controller

As a first step, start by deleting the current `kubewarden-controller` deployment.
This can be done with the following command:
```console
kubectl delete deployment --namespace kubewarden kubewarden-controller
```

**Note well:** Existing policies will continue to work as expected, even while the controller is not running. Removal, creation and update of policies won't be reconciled until the controller is restarted.

#### Install new Custom Resource Definitions

To install the new CRD definition execute the following commnad:
```console
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubewarden/helm-charts/kubewarden-controller-0.1.12/charts/kubewarden-controller/crds/clusteradmissionpolicies.yaml
````

#### Upgrade your policies

> Upgrade all the currently definied `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resources to use the `v1alpha2` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade all the currently defined `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resources to use the `v1alpha2` version.
```

This can be done via:
```console
kubectl apply -f <upgrade-policy.yaml>
```

#### Upgrade the helm release

It's time to upgrade the helm release, this can be done via:

```console
helm upgrade kubewarden-controller --version 0.1.12 kubewarden/kubewarden-controller
```

> Once this is done, the new version of the `kubewarden-controller` will be running on our cluster. The `policy-server` instance will keep operating as expected during the whole time. It won't even be restarted, unless you didn't just migrate
> your policies from `v1alpha1` to `v1alpha2`, but you also changed some details about the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this is done, the new version of the `kubewarden-controller` will be running on our cluster. The `policy-server` instance will keep operating as expected during the whole time. It won't even be restarted, unless you  changed some details about the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resource apart from the version itself.
```
